CUMULUS-3189: update CMA python versions to support pip 23.0 (#3259)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

  - Fixed `sqsMessageRemover` lambda to correctly retrieve ENABLED sqs rules.
- The `getLambdaAliases` function has been removed from the `@cumulus/integration-tests` package
- The `getLambdaVersions` function has been removed from the `@cumulus/integration-tests` package
- **CUMULUS-3189**

>   - Upgraded `cumulus-proces`s and `cumulus-message-adapter-python` versions to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Upgraded `cumulus-process` and `cumulus-message-adapter-python` versions to
```
